# Season 1 Episode 2 - A New Enterprise

## Last time...
Previously, the newly formed Omega Squad was sent on their first official mission as members of Dagger Company. 
Commander Bogojian assigned Omega Squad the task of raiding local Imperial convoys to obtain valuable supplies for the base.
But first, Omega Squad would have to acquire a ship capable of holding its own in space combat. Omega squad made its way
back to Corellia, and had a brief entanglement in space with Imperial docking authorities before landing at an underworld 
spaceport. The squad met up with their contact, Tyris Gantu, in a local tavern where they learned a suitable ship was being
impounded by the local Black Suns affiliate. Because they had been instructed to keep a low profile by Commander Bogojian,
the party elected not to launch a straightforward assualt on the impounded ship. Instead, they made a deal with Tyris Gantu to 
help him with an errand which would yield sufficient credits to purchase the vessel, in exchange for transport off world. 
To the party's disgust, the "errand" turned out to be the collection of protection money from the owner of a local droid parts
shop. Forced into a corner, the party reluctantly carried out the unsavory task and proceeded to purchase the vessel from the
Black Suns. Omega Squad was then able to successfully board and capture two Imperial supply transports, containing a wealth 
of weapons, foodstuffs, medical supplies, and spare parts. With a stoke of luck, the party was also able to capture an Imperial
logistics officer, Karn Aldan (he has not yet revealed his name to the Rebellion) and are holding him aboard the *Switchblade*

## Act I - Greed Is Good

The scene is a small conference room attached to the office of Commander Bogojian. The party is present, along with Tyris 
Gantu, Captain Inek, the senior logistics officer for Dagger Company, as well as Azul Vendar, squad leader for Beta Squad. 
Once again, Dirty Daan has not been invited. Dagger Company technicians are attempting to use the recovered droid parts to 
make Daan a bit more durable, controllable, and a bit smarter. The Commander introuces Omega Squad to the group as they enter. 
The group has been debriefing Tyris Gantu as they go through the logs of the previous week's adventure. 

The commander is less impressed with the groups's performance than he previously was, and warns the party that while they 
have free reign to accomplish their objectives however they wish, their actions violate the spirit of the Rebellion and 
furhter transgressions will result in disciplinary action. 

Next, the commander reveals that Tyris Gantu was a founding member of Dagger Company, but left after an operation went foul
and he lost his squad. Details are not forthcoming, but it is clear that Commander Bogojian and Tyris Gantu have a history.
Gantu later became involved in the Corellian underworld, and would occaisonally pass information to Dagger Company for money,
through an intermediary. Gantu is in an awkward position, he cannot return to his old haunts on Corellia because of a local
bounty on his head, and he is no longer fit to rejoin Dagger Company, even if Commander Bogojian would allow him back. Tyris
knows too much about Dagger Company for him to be allowed free reign to roam the galaxy, so an alternative arrangement has
come into place.

Tyris Gantu will be starting a sham interplanetary trading company. The company will act as a front for Dagger Company to
convert extra supplies looted from Imperial ships to credits. The new company will also be able to acquire supplies for Dagger
Company in times of need. Captain Inek is visibly excited about the plan, as the new front company will greatly aid his ability
to avoid supply shortages and make room on the cramped *Switchblade*. The group's mission this week is to help Tyris kick start
his business, by making a hole in the market. 

Because the supplies Dagger Company wishes to unload are military in nature, Tyris has entered into negotiations to become
the primary supplier for a local mercenary organization. After a botched operation, the organization is severely short on 
soldiers and cannot fully staff an upcoming contract. They have agreed to grant the supply contract if Tyris can find a group
of well-qualified guns for hire to carry out the contract. This is where Omega Squad comes in.

## Act II - In Over Our Heads

## Recurring Characters
* Commander Bogojian - Leader of Dagger Company
* Tyris Gantu - Shadowy scumbag, minor crime lord, Rebel informant.
* Karn Aldan - Captured Imperial logistics officer.
* Azul Vendar - Leader of Beta Squad, does what needs to be done, cares little for "principles", level headed and effective. 
